In this video, I'll show you the brand
new Pixel Lab character creator, and
it's packed with updates. First thing
you see, a hub of all your characters,
complete with their rotations and
animations. Click create, and you can
describe your character in detail,
colors, clothing, style. Then, pick your
canvas size and camera view. Want to
tweak proportions? Adjust head size,
arms, legs, shoulders, hips, or pick
presets like chibi, realistic, or
heroic. And the best part, animations
are built in. Punch, run, drink, attack.
Look how much you can do already. Just
click and your character comes to life.
In seconds, you've got a fully animated
multi-directional pixel hero ready for
your game. What's the first character
you'd make? Tell me in the comments and
share this with a friend who loves pixel